hello Americans back again on other
friends and subscribers around the world
want to get on here do check in and then
a couple days it's been crazy busy on
the homestead and actually on the
homestead away from the homestead been
going up there we could actually I had
my long long time Frenchmen which were
like my little brother hole called
Paulie but he's in town for a couple
days we did a little fishing and then
hammered two spotted but uh and then
Miss Kitty's printer went out so we had
to go down below for that tomorrow I got
to go down for Dreyfuss cops funeral
down below
I'm spend a lot of time in the flat man
and then I did make it back up to see
old mountain man guy I will ninety year
old he's just a Lawson and then he
turned us on to some actually on some
Pullman where a few of their belts some
old homestead dumps and no gold mine
dumps of stuff water forget show a few
things that I've been pulling out of the
out of his stuff put down here this I
don't know if I'm put on mine I could
make me an old moonshine steel for this
old copper tube but here's a couple of
uh I've got a few knives if you look at
the Idaho dot hillbilly this is actually
this one's pretty cool cuz this is
actually a Russell Green River you know
which is known as a mountain man knife
you know so this came from him this is
that spike
but those spikes that I showed in that
last video here's this one's on I think
it ends today this is that one this is
actually that one that I found on that
old gold mine up there between McCall
and yellow pine it's got a little twist
end up making one and given one - Paulie
- then I got two more of the old spikes
that I'd found on there and then the old
boy he ended up having a bucket of
railroad spikes man I've been having
problems getting my hands on railroad
spikes and that's what I'm pounding out
now so they'll be because they're pretty
popular so there'll be more railroad
spike knifes on here in the next couple
hours on some railroad spike knives then
I pulled a little trap out of his barn
it's just known what is boss'll Amer
Blake Blake and lamb and they frame him
this came out of that old barn it's a
noble but I'm actually going to end up
tearing this one part make a couple of
trap jaw knifes and I got plenty of
Springs around here
whoa some of the other stuff we were
gonna pull up on oh I'm probably going
to end up through this weekend probably
end up putting my bags on and going out
doing a little framing and handyman and
we'll make a little extra money and
stuff but little boy if there's got some
stuff want to do then there's actually a
bigger fix of stuff on a plane airplane
hangar let's fix the door and stuff like
that just some workshops getting out yet
and build stuff and pretty soon you're
back to wearing bags but we can use the
money around here so get a little bit of
that and
and hopefully I could help and do some
fishing I needs biochar ended up filling
the barrel up because I didn't have any
char so I ended up filling the barrel up
this morning and burning it down and
just wet it down and actually made me
some char this morning here on the
properties I haven't had a chance to get
up and get some anything else you can
take that in this Kitty I think that
that's we're just going on to check out
all and that there's actually some other
stuff that I pulled out and I got these
two meat cleavers man these things are
just huge I should have brought it out
and cut that I'll never get cooking
alright I got winning the got these
things probably here all the
construction crop in the background and
they're doing on actually going to make
the highway go a different direction
through town or down the road and I know
they've got my my road I've come out of
my property construction zone so I have
to go around the back way that's what
you're hearing in the background but
anyway here's a few more things that I
got out of that the barn what he's doing
is they're selling off the tree needs
money man I don't know how many
thousands of acres they got like said
this grandparents homestead at this and
he's 90 years old so they homesteaded it
back in the mid-1800s not all this stuff
that's in the barn is his been digging
through there man it's like digging
through a museum man I mean there's cool
stuff like these old person old lamp
shears or shears and when I first got
him when I'm buying a lot of it some of
them I'm actually selling for him and
you know we just got all kinds of
willing he's a willing dealer man I
thought I I thought I could will undo
that dude I think I'm getting schools
every time I'm around him and then these
clues are amazing and you can see how
big they are there is you know let's
flip it this thing is so tight the
bandits got six pins and they're
actually whole pins that you can see
through kind of seen too much stuff like
that and then you know they all seem to
be hand forged you know and I didn't
want to touch it but I thought about
working this down to making that handle
like this this is another three pen one
you see here the mattress because I got
both of these on it I just did you know
just trying to bed bills we actually did
just a 24-hour auction so both of these
into Dan they're on there for pretty
good pretty good price really uh you
know if I the perfect world I would keep
them both because that I then this old
ladder this was going us buy and sell a
lot of yet this was just hanging it from
a rafter and it's not even that this one
like I said not everything you know his
grandparents this one's actually from
1986 to US military issued and he thinks
is nephew or something
got it when he's in the military but um
it's a four glass these are each one of
these is you know a separate panel of
glass I just thought this thing was
awesome it hasn't a neat oh yeah and
then it's got this compartment which
Coleman doesn't even have this my trench
coat is wrong whew 10 it's got the dang
tool in there for really I got that on
there too it's pretty cool it's missing
the little deal you tie the mantle to
but not I just thought it was cool I
think I thought share some of that I
mean man I go in that bar man I want to
run through the aisles click in my he'll
manage what I'm telling you if I going
through these is the most amazing you
know what a lot of it is sons are there
with us to defend they're all just the
whole family is just amazing
but then when buck said we're going to
be some work I'm actually gonna go over
there put my bags on and help them fix
their sections of the barn that are
falling down I can a lot of twists
hahaha good I believe that tyrannize
want to show a few of the treasures get
on the Idaho dot hillbilly most of them
most of the stuff that's coming out of
the barn I'm actually putting you know
from a real Idaho mountain maxes this
guy is the real McCoy
he is he's just awesome you know he
should be wearing a Coonskin hat good ha
I think that SIDS think of anything miss
kitty no sir
all right you all have a good day and
check back in soon and say bye bye miss
kitty the bad ha ha we'll see you later